DOCS-3003: Add prerequisite of physically assembling hardware to components and services (#3540)
viamrobotics/docs: docs/components/motor/gpio.md

Find more information in the [encoded motor documentation](/components/motor/encoded-motor/).
{{< /alert >}}

To configure a DC motor as a component of your machine, first make sure the motor is wired to a suitable motor driver, which is in turn wired to a board.

> If you want to test the motor as you configure it, connect the system to power.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

Find more information in the [encoded motor documentation](/components/motor/encoded-motor/).
{{< /alert >}}

> To configure a DC motor as a component of your machine, first make sure the motor is wired to a suitable motor driver, which is in turn wired to a board.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To configure a DC motor as a component of your machine, first make sure the motor is wired to a suitable motor driver, which is in turn wired to a board.
Connect the system to power if you want to test it while configuring.
```

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
To configure a DC motor as a component of your machine, first make sure the motor is wired to a suitable motor driver, which is in turn wired to a board.
If you want to test the motor as you configure it, connect the system to power.
```

{{< /alert >}}

> To configure a DC motor as a component of your machine, first configure the [board](/components/board/) to which the motor driver is wired.
> Make sure to physically connect your motor to your board and turn it on.

Reviewer 2: This doesn't make sense since the first sentence implies the motor driver is already wired to the board.
```suggestion
To configure a DC motor as a component of your machine, first make sure the motor is wired to a suitable motor driver, which is in turn wired to a board.
Configure the [board](/components/board/) to which the motor driver is wired.
```

Reviewer 2: @sguequierre This comment applies to byj motor too

> Then add your motor:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Then configure your motor:
```
